Update Ops Q1 2024 objectives.mdx (#7345)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/small-teams/people/objectives.mdx

* **Objective:**

>     * Automate more stuff to make work easier and spread even more good vibes at PostHog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Automate more stuff to make work easier and do nice things for the team that enhances their social experience at PostHog.
```
